HOMS-451 Add instruction for upgrade postgresql (#723)
hydra-billing/homs: README.md

jest --updateSnapshot
```

## Upgrade PostgreSQL
To upgrade PostgreSQL (HOMS database) to the 15.4 version, we recommend using the `pg_dumpall` utility:
1. Copy service `db_homs` as `db_homs_new` in `docker-compose.yml` and set `image: postgres:15.4`

> 2. In `db_homs_new` set `image: postgres:15.4`, change volume to `./data/homs_new/postgresql:$HOMS_DB_PATH` and port to `15432:5432`

Reviewer: repeated instruction about image setting

> 2. In `db_homs_new` set `image: postgres:15.4`, change volume to `./data/homs_new/postgresql:$HOMS_DB_PATH` and port to `15432:5432`

Reviewer: Also set container name to "postgres-homs-new"

> 3. Run `db_homs_new` and `db_homs` services and wait until message about connection readiness appears in log: ` docker-compose up db_homs db_homs_new`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `db_homs_new` and `db_homs` services `docker-compose up db_homs db_homs_new`. Wait for postgres instances to start up
```

4. Dump `db_homs` data to file: `docker exec -it postgres-homs /usr/bin/pg_dumpall -U homs > dumpfile`
5. Upload data to `db_homs_new`: `docker exec -i postgres-homs-new psql -U homs < dumpfile`

> 6. Stop docker-compose and replace volume: `rm -rf ./data/homs && mv ./data/homs_new ./data/homs`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Stop `db_homs_new` and `db_homs` containers. Replace old volume: `rm -rf ./data/homs && mv ./data/homs_new ./data/homs`
```

7. In `db_homs` set `image: postgres:15.4`, remove `db_homs_new` in `docker-compose.yml`

> 8. Re-hash password for `HOMS_DB_USER`: `source .env && docker exec -it postgres-homs psql -U $HOMS_DB_USER`, `\password`, double-enter value of `HOMS_DB_PASSWORD` from `.env` file and enter `quit;`

Reviewer: "Enter twice" maybe? "double-enter" looks strange
